docs: add mutual links to concept and manifest pages (#2319)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/concepts/pipelines.en.md

      name: prod
      # requires_approval: true
```

> To learn about the specification of `pipeline.yml`, see the [pipeline manifest](../manifest/pipeline.en.md) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see every available configuration option for `pipeline.yml` on the [pipeline manifest](../manifest/pipeline.en.md) page.
```
